\documentclass[11pt]{article} 

\usepackage{deauthor,times,graphicx}
%\usepackage{url}
\usepackage{hyperref}

\begin{document}

The March issue of the Data Engineering Bulletin focuses on the
intricate interplay as well as a significant gap between data
management and machine learning when it comes to supporting real-life
business applications.

The opinion piece of this issue features a group of distinguished
researchers and their assessment and prognosis of machine learning's
current and future roles in building database systems. Besides
highlighting several specific potentials and challenges such as using
machine learning to optimize database indices and query optimization,
the article also gives a great overview of how databases, data
analytics and machine learning, system and infrastructure, work
together to support today's business needs. It is clear that the
business needs, the volume, velocity, and variety of the data, the
latency and throughput requirements have evolved dramatically and in
consequence, data management systems must adapt. The opinion pieces
described four disruptive forces underneath the evolution, which are
likely to influence future data systems.

Our associate editor Sebastian Schelter put together the current
issue--Data Validation for Machine Learning Models and
Applications--that consists of six papers from leading researchers in
industry and academia. The papers focus on data validation, which is a
critical component in end-to-end machine learning pipelines that many
business applications rely on.


\end{document}
